[Music]
yes
very good what's up time and dearest
lovers of the heart well I hope
I'm having a spectacular Sunday I'm
here to tell you about some gossip that I thought was
super juicy and these are the words that
Rosa Villacastín dedicated yesterday to Rocío
Carrasco regarding what she's been saying
about her father and mother's relationship
and it's that we were already talking about it here
Rocío Carrasco has a fantasy in her
head that I as the daughter of a
separated father can understand that
she lives with the illusion and is happier
thinking that her parents died
in love with each other but
honestly that's not the case her parents
have had their whole lives to come back their whole
lives to have been together they were
very wealthy people they didn't need
family or siblings or
uncles or even to continue
working anymore they would have left their
jobs whenever they wanted and they
would have run away to Mexico to live okay if they
weren't happy with their family and
Rocío Carrasco says yes it's that they
fell in love that they were very much in love that there
were other couples to have her
but that I  when they died they were
in love with each other okay and this isn't
true anymore sincerely they are like this they didn't
break up because because the
media family was there kicking no that would
surely bring arguments
surely but the reality is that Rosa
Villacastín has said something that according to her
many journalists and all of the
gossip press of the time
knew because they had lived with
her okay and she talked a lot with Rocío
Jurado and there are things that I don't need to
tell you but you are there and you
live them and it is the fact that love went
out the flame no longer existed and they had gone a
long time literal words of Rosa
without touching each other okay also they were
very happy with their new partners
because Rocío was a very fiery person
and Pedro seemed to have already lost the
spark with her and that nevertheless later
when he was with Raquel well with Raquel he
was very happy being one day pampering each other flirting they
lived in humility in a
small apartment
in things they were simple and
happy people no but apart from that they
respected each other and had a beautiful
relationship and a beautiful friendship of
cordiality sharing parenthood and
love  there was no ok but they separated
because love there was no ok I want to make
one thing clear and that is that Rosa Villacastín,
who is a person who has been
coming to the fore a lot lately, is a
person that I have always thought and I believe that she is
a super
feminist person in fact as far as I
understand she is criticized a lot for
putting in some political gaffes in
fact Rosa Villacastín also appeared
supporting Arrocito in the
number one documentary in the documentary from
last year do you remember that night when they
put up a lot of people, a lot of screens
in Skype calls Okay, well
Rosa Villacastín was there Okay, so Rosa
said this with all the care in the
world because she didn't want to hurt
Rocío Carrasco with her words but what she
has told is a reality like a
temple family what do you think those who are
reading share the video a
huge hug and
until the next one
[Music]